Gonryu patch 1 (#14)
icon-project/documentation: icon-key-concepts/icon-nodes.md

ICON Network
==============

This document presents what kinds of nodes are in the ICON network. 
Node means the computer server which participates in the blockchain protocol.

> All nodes keep the full or partial copy of blockchain data, and excute transactions in the blocks for validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All nodes keep the full or partial copy of blockchain data, and execute transactions in the blocks for validation.
```

> So all nodes should be connected to internet, and have their own address to identify themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So all nodes should be connected to the internet, and have their own address to identify themselves.
```

## Types of Nodes

> There are three types of nodes in ICON netwrok.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three types of nodes in ICON network.
```

> Peer nodes can participate in the consensus protocl, so they can produce and propose block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Peer nodes** can participate in the consensus protocol, so they can produce and propose a block.
```

> Citizen nodes just sychronize the blockchain data, and relay the transaction to Peer node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Citizen nodes** just synchronize the blockchain data and relay the transaction to the Peer node.
```

> Light clients just synchronize the header of blocks for simple verification of transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Light clients** just synchronize the header of blocks for simple verification of transactions.
```

![types of nodes](types_of_nodes.png)

> The user and smart contract can access (query or send trasactoins) these nodes through ICONex wallet or ICON SDK. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user and application can access (query or send transactions) these nodes through ICONex wallet or ICON SDK. 
```

> Of course, they can also access the nodes using JSON RPC directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indeed, they can also access the nodes using JSON RPC directly as well.
```

## Peer

> There are two type of Peer nodes, Public and Commuinity Representitive. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of Peer nodes, Public and Community Representative. 
```

> As you see in the word "Representitive", these nodes are supposed to be elected by ICONist or Community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you see in the word "Representative", these nodes are supposed to be elected by ICONist or Community members.
```

Details of election are presented in [ICONSENSUS](https://icon.community/iconsensus/).

Peer nodes are the essential entities of ICON network. 
They have roles to produce and validate the blocks, which contains transactions transmitted into ICON network.
All transactions sent to ICON network are relayed or directed to Peer nodes.

> One of Peer nodes becomes the leader node, who have right to produce the block for his turn. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of Peer nodes becomes the leader node, who has the right to propose a block for its turn. 
```

And the other Peer nodes validate that block. The block is confirmed when 2/3 of Peer nodes agree on that block.

> Peer nodes will become a leader node in pre-defined order, and produce one block for their turn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Peer nodes will become a leader node in a pre-defined order, and produce one block for their turn.
```

> ### Public Representitive (P-Rep)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Public Representative (P-Rep)
```

> ### Community Represesntitive (C-Rep)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Community Representative (C-Rep)
```

Reviewer 2: Representative
